music neg 782.txt some will mistake me for a evidence hater , but i 'm really not . i just want the man to put some effort into what he does . i 'm tired of taking just any ol ' thing artists throw at us nowadays because the " fans " do n't expect very much - - or simply do n't know what good is anymore . sure , you can relate to what evidence is saying , but you can put on a dope instrumental cd , sit with a friend or knowledgable hip hop head , have a discussion about any topic , and the resulting feeling will be something like the feeling you get from this album . i quickly get tired of the " slow flow " - - see : talking - - and i feel like anyone can do it . i do n't shell out money for things i can do myself . really , the only difference between him and 50 cent is content . when i hear someone say " slow flow " my mind translates that into " reduction of standards to make it easier for cats to get on " because this album would have been thrown out the window before the jiggy invasion came . and lot of these beats , though very dope , are as slow as his flow is . couple that with the fact that there are a lot of wack guest appearance from cats like joe scudda ( i 'm sorry , i tried to like him , but dude is simply terrible ) , big pooh ( same goes for him ) , and madchild and you have an album that can have a drowsying effect on the listener . the only dope guest shots come from phonte , planet asia , and slug . yeah , i know the fans and jock riders will hate and call names , but i 'm going to keep it honest - - fu** real . when ev actually puts his back into it , he creates some dope material . " down with new york city " is nice piece of work that has ev gettin ' busy over an air tight jake one track . " chase the clouds away " is another track where ev does his thing over a pounding alc production . the standout to me had to be " line of scrimmage " which features ev and atmosphere frontman , slug , getting nice over another dope alc creation . with the likes of alchemist , sid roams , jake one , dj khalil , babu , and evidence himself providing dope beats , i 'd have to say that the production is definitely the strong point of the lp . simply put , i do n't recommend playing this cd while operating heavy machinery . i respect ev and his whole crew ( hell , i love rakaa ) , but this album will make you nod off instead of nod to the beat . i can only call it the way i see it regardless of whether or not the artist is a favorite of mine or not . bring on the unhelpful votes if you want , but i can only recommend this to the die hard fans - - who should eat this one up . everyone else should download this and test it out first . standout tracks : letyourselfgo feat . alchemist & phonte , a moment in time feat . planet asia , line of scrimmage feat . slug ( my favorite ) , and down in new york cit